doc: fix typos in http.md (#40161)
nodejs/node: doc/api/http.md

A value of `null` will disable the limit.

> When limit is reach it will set `Connection` header value to `close`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the limit is reached, it will set the `Connection` header value to `close`,
```
